README.md, before:

<img src="kalash/res/kalash2.svg" alt="logo" width="50" style="display: block;margin-left: auto;margin-right: auto;"/>

# Kalash

Kalash is a simple test runner built for large-scale test automation which relies on a simple YAML-based configuration or Python file configuration.

## Why Kalash

Kalash decouples the work of a QA Engineer from the need to manage automation server jobs. It makes running tests in local and automated contexts easy and pleasurable with comprehensible YAML or Python file configuration approach.

[Read more...](./kalash/doc/features.md)

## Installation

Run `pip install kalash`.

This will install the latest stable version of Kalash. Of course having Python and `pip` working is a prerequisite.

## Usage

Please refer to the [documentation](./kalash/doc/basic_usage.md) within this repository.

For full code documentation please go [here]() or run `kalash --docs` - this should display a web browser window with the contents of the documentation bundled within the Python package.

## Credits

Made with love by Technica Engineering GmbH Product Testing team:

- [Krzysztof Czarnecki](https://github.com/kjczarne)
- Pablo Prol
- Shane Butler

Special thanks to our friends who made this open-source release possible:

- Thanh Pham
- Arantxa Fernandez
- Guillermo Castanera
- Daniel Barreiro

Commit message:

doc: updated readme with a link to contribution guidelines

README.md, after:

<img src="kalash/res/kalash2.svg" alt="logo" width="50" style="display: block;margin-left: auto;margin-right: auto;"/>

# Kalash

Kalash is a simple test runner built for large-scale test automation which relies on a simple YAML-based configuration or Python file configuration.

## Why Kalash

Kalash decouples the work of a QA Engineer from the need to manage automation server jobs. It makes running tests in local and automated contexts easy and pleasurable with comprehensible YAML or Python file configuration approach.

[Read more...](./kalash/doc/features.md)

## Installation

Run `pip install kalash` command.

This will install the latest stable version of Kalash. Of course having Python and `pip` working is a prerequisite.

Alternatively you can install this package in development mode after cloning with `pip install -e '[docs]'` command.

## Usage

Please refer to the [documentation](./kalash/doc/basic_usage.md) within this repository.

For full code documentation please go [here]() or run `kalash --docs` - this should display a web browser window with the contents of the documentation bundled within the Python package.

## Contributing

Please read carefully our [Contribution guidelines](./kalash/doc/contributing.md) before contributing to this project.

## Credits

Made with love by Technica Engineering GmbH Product Testing team:

- [Krzysztof Czarnecki](https://github.com/kjczarne)
- Pablo Prol
- Shane Butler

Special thanks to our friends who made this open-source release possible:

- Thanh Pham
- Arantxa Fernandez
- Guillermo Castanera
- Daniel Barreiro
